My name is Dmitri, but I prefer to call myself "zenicu".
I am 24 years old and come from a distant region in the Russian Federation and I set a goal to create an IT company which will develop "software" for my country and for the whole world. 
 
First of all I want to note that for me there is a very acute problem with the education of children. My subjective opinion ("Children are the King") children are the future of my country and the future of countries all over the world. I am in solidarity with the society of the West, that our task is to provide everything necessary, who very soon will stand in our place with you and hopefully will continue to conduct scientific activity for the good of mankind.

To tell you about myself is to tell you very little... It so happens that my country does not quite understand and develop the system of education for children and teenagers, imposing very different values, for example: (Future work for "uncle", for the state), but completely forgets that the system of education that currently exists in educational institutions, it does not teach, it enslaves and deprives the child of such important moments as dream, aspiration and understanding of the basis of a literate person. (The basics of economic literacy, lessons on building yourself as a person first of all, capable of painlessly adapting in the natural environment of a social person and freely, accessible, understandable and if necessary briefly expressing thoughts). At the moment, unfortunately, the young people of my country are deprived of this, in place of those basic things are put erroneous stereotypes of military orientation, incitement of hatred towards certain countries and situations regardless of what is happening.

[ (I would like to explain right away the situation with the "Special Military Operation in Ukraine", of course it is a tragedy. It is a tragedy where children die, those who have not yet had time to be born or those who do not have time to leave behind something for the future generation die every second. Those who don't want to part with the only thing on earth - life - are dying, but as a citizen of Russia I am not asked, as well as people are not asked about this operation, but I assure you, I love my country, its boundless expanses, its nature and opportunities that we can realize here, but I also love Ukraine. I assure you - this is not a war of nations, but of political interests. ) ]

I finished 9 classes of school in Russia, after that I got a specialty of a worker "mechanic on repair of cars", served in Russian army and studied in Military Air Academy named after professor N.E. Zhukovsky and Yu.A. Gagarin (Voronezh) (https://vva.mil.ru/) on a specialty of radio technical support of flight of aviation. I was expelled because I wanted to be and develop together with the rest of the world. I received official penalties for books in my nightstands because they were "Western", to give one example: Friedrich Nietzsche - Thus Spoke Zarathustra. Against this backdrop, I did not quite understand why I was being blocked from information, both in book form and in informational form. We were not allowed to use the world network "Internet", resources such as Wikipedia / Habr / Vk (social network) / instagram / gidhub were banned. 
At the moment, the Russian Schools are planning to replace the Windows operating systems with their own analogues, which have been or are only planning to develop. And it is very scary seriously, because most of the software for professionals and students, education provided it in a line of Wondows / Mac OS, with Linux, the situation is worse, I last saw this OS in 2009 at my school. 

Bottom line: I set a goal to create an IT company that will develop "software" for my country and the whole world, namely mainly for the educational environment, regardless of the OS, knowledge of languages. It will be a good, useful, and most importantly informative and very simple approach to learning. 
I and my team are interested in areas such as: 
- Development of linguistics.
- Engineering.
- Programming.
- Learning AI.
- Smart contracts.

I hope we can build relationships for the common development of humanity. We are human, which means we can always rally together and make the world a better place based on past mistakes!
